Hi.
Brittany Mount: Hello.
Richelle Direny: Are you driving
Brittany Mount: My boyfriend is
Richelle Direny: Everything.
Brittany Mount: Okay.
Brittany Mount: And answer that I have weeks ago my medication was stolen. And I've been dealing with that.
Brittany Mount: With game is called and want to talk out the next day and I didn't know the pills and I try to live. I live person I called and told them, like with a lot. I just don't happen.
Brittany Mount: And
Brittany Mount: Just trying to get back on track with everything.
Richelle Direny: So you say your, your pills, how many calls
Brittany Mount: I told him on a Tuesday and
Brittany Mount: It was a third as on Thursday.
Brittany Mount: And I had a look like four or five pills.
Brittany Mount: For
Richelle Direny: All stolen.
Brittany Mount: What was it
Richelle Direny: You said that it got stolen.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: So did they refill it or no.
No.
Brittany Mount: I didn't
Brittany Mount: Know not trying to just
Brittany Mount: Guess like people feel like I got some walks off the streets, is to keep me well. And so like it in it, my next trip.
Brittany Mount: I want, I don't want to get in trouble for
Brittany Mount: Lunch.
Richelle Direny: So I don't know. I don't know if it's because you're driving that you seem the sound kind of low
Richelle Direny: Okay, hold on. Okay, go ahead.
Brittany Mount: Okay.
Brittany Mount: I said I'd like I didn't report it or nothing, but I'm going to get like anybody in trouble. I want to get myself and I don't think anybody in trouble or anything like that. So I didn't record it and then I don't
Brittany Mount: I don't know, I probably should have
Brittany Mount: So,
Richelle Direny: When did this happen because you just you had group. Yes. Today is Wednesday yesterday right
Brittany Mount: Yeah, it was like
Richelle Direny: Every week, right.
Richelle Direny: You're frozen. I said, you get your reach.
Brittany Mount: Your refill every week. Don't you
Brittany Mount: Yeah, no, it was every two weeks for it and then
Brittany Mount: I went I seen her last week.
Brittany Mount: And I got my script that last week this week.
Brittany Mount: I guess it was like three weeks ago.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So you said that
Richelle Direny: I'm
Richelle Direny: Me, but in the meantime.
Richelle Direny: You say you did you speak to Dr. James
Brittany Mount: Yeah.
Brittany Mount: Yeah. So before I had her twice.
Brittany Mount: I supposed to have a one on one with her on Monday, and I didn't
Brittany Mount: Just
Richelle Direny: You're breaking it, you're free.
Richelle Direny: You're breaking up really bad.
Brittany Mount: I don't know why I have full service.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I mean I could hear you.
Richelle Direny: Talking about your but then you're you get frozen. So maybe try turn off the video and let me see.
Brittany Mount: Yeah.
Brittany Mount: I don't know, I've been having all kinds of problems with this phone like I've always done my meetings at my house and like I don't know the last
Brittany Mount: week or so I can't get service at my house at all. So I have to leave to even do my meetings and I will. I've done on there ever since I started with you guys.
Richelle Direny: And okay yeah now, now that you turn off the video I hear your whole lot
Richelle Direny: So, um,
Richelle Direny: So you're saying that right now all you've been doing is
Richelle Direny: All you've been doing. You said you were what you bought it off the street.
Brittany Mount: Well, I mean, not now. Like she gave me my scroll back last week. So like, why didn't have
Brittany Mount: That two weeks it well week and a half that I didn't like to build a two week stretch and I don't like like to have a few days of it. And so I just had to kind of
Brittany Mount: Get stuff for them until I like about my door next script, but she gave me my script last week and then this week, so I haven't done. I haven't had to do that.
And
Richelle Direny: So how
Richelle Direny: So since since all of that happen, Nick, what has been going on with you in terms of just that whole ordeal.
And
Brittany Mount: If you have any
Richelle Direny: brawls our cravings or anything.
Brittany Mount: I mean yeah cuz I couldn't afford to buy, you know what I mean, you're going to walk the streets are 20 $30 apiece. So I could buy as many like I'm provide three a day. So it was only taking like half of that. And yeah, I mean, I was going through a little bit but
Brittany Mount: I just kept myself maintain as to where
Richelle Direny: Do you have
That
Richelle Direny: I think you're driving through maybe bad I'm so service.
Brittany Mount: So, and I have full, sir.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but sometimes it's like it's dragging
Brittany Mount: So,
Richelle Direny: Even though it's showing that I think are driving through times we're just not that great, but um what I was saying to you, like, even with the withdrawals. Do you think that like, what, how should I put it. Can you relate your withdrawals to
Richelle Direny: I'm like, there's a stressful event of not having it and not being able to get it for two weeks and just kind of, are you able to relate them to
Richelle Direny: The cranium.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, it was definitely stressful and I just
Brittany Mount: It was a rough couple weeks or a week and a half.
Richelle Direny: And how did that translate, even with
Brittany Mount: This put me in a bad mood and just, I just wanted to two weeks to do
Brittany Mount: This, it was just
Brittany Mount: I was in appreciating mood for a couple weeks depressed and down.
Brittany Mount: Seemed like going to get two steps ahead you 10 steps back.
Richelle Direny: And I can imagine.
Richelle Direny: I can imagine what it's just I guess I'm trying to
Richelle Direny: We did you try to reach out to your sponsor or like what was
Brittany Mount: Forget I called her and told her. Okay, I called bright heart.
Brittany Mount: Is they have like tried to contact me or whatever. And I called them back. Why I told them I lied to them and told them, and I
Brittany Mount: Wasn't I went to zero living for two weeks. Well, I talked to her and
Brittany Mount: Everything and then I caught it like she talked to me and I was like, I gotta call him back. Like, I can't watch them and tell them that
Brittany Mount: You know, I mean, this is going to lead into problems for me and trouble that I don't need. So I've called them back and
Brittany Mount: Told them like, Listen, I like this. Now, I happen to my soul, my pills that I didn't press charges or anything like to get the Wall Balls with it. I didn't want to be kicked out a program. And I just want to be honest with you. Tell you like what's going on and
Brittany Mount: That yeah I've been speaking with her daily
Richelle Direny: Who
Brittany Mount: Your sponsor. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Now, did your sponsor encourage you to call and kind of say what really happened or are you
Brittany Mount: Yeah, yeah. So that's what I did. She was like, You can't do that. You can't do that.
Richelle Direny: Did you did you understand the concept behind why she suggested that you can't do that.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, you know, I mean it's old patterns old thinking like, you can't
Brittany Mount: I can't be starting bill why the see them do things like that, you know, that's the old behavior. I don't need to get back into that.
Richelle Direny: And so kind of what we've talked about over
Richelle Direny: Time that we've been together. And the reason why because it's
Richelle Direny: A JOURNEY THAT YOU HAS BEEN ON
Brittany Mount: Friday.
Richelle Direny: All of the positive things that has you've gone through the real any custody of your daughter, um, you know, just kind of everything that has been the you're working have a stable life just kind of doing what you need to do.
Brittany Mount: Right. Right. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Here it is that this hiccup. So it's kind of like life threw a curveball, in the sense where
You were somewhat tested.
Richelle Direny: I mean, that's the best word I can use right now, but you were
Brittany Mount: Some, yeah, it was a definitely a major test.
Richelle Direny: Yes, to say, oh, you
Brittany Mount: Saw you think you're clean
Brittany Mount: Then let me see if your room, or do you think
Richelle Direny: That you have overcome. Well, let me see if you really did.
Brittany Mount: Hey, yeah.
Richelle Direny: What made you in that moment of you're going through that like when you realize that your medication was stolen. What was your, what was your immediate response to it.
Brittany Mount: Oh, is mad and just started crying. I am like I was pissed and silly like
Brittany Mount: I mean, I knew who did it.
Brittany Mount: It was, it was one
Brittany Mount: Little roles.
Richelle Direny: It was breaking up.
Brittany Mount: And he wasn't even like this to be there or not, then
Richelle Direny: You said, who was it
Brittany Mount: My, my, my daughter's sperm now.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: If you're speaking
Brittany Mount: I wasn't home and he had can
Richelle Direny: You're, you're the UK, you go, you go out, you come back and choppy, and then you go out
Again,
Brittany Mount: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you said your father's daughter came by when you weren't there.
Brittany Mount: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Your house he has the ability to come into the house.
Brittany Mount: Wanting somebody there. Am I supposed to be like keeping an eye on the situation, but
Brittany Mount: They
Brittany Mount: Obviously didn't keep an eye out.
Brittany Mount: I'd rather not be around him that he
Brittany Mount: Wants
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you're breaking up.
Richelle Direny: Really bad
Brittany Mount: Or whatever, then
Richelle Direny: You're breaking up really
Brittany Mount: Improvise in that
Brittany Mount: Can you hear me better now.
Brittany Mount: But yeah, he says be supervised
Brittany Mount: Obviously, that didn't happen and so
Brittany Mount: I
Brittany Mount: Didn't know what to do about the situation like I didn't want to press charges and all that, but I mean either enough trouble as
Richelle Direny: You didn't want to get him in trouble is that
Richelle Direny: Correct me from wrong granted. He's your daughter's father
Richelle Direny: Getting calling the cops and letting him know.
Brittany Mount: Yes, the consequences for
Richelle Direny: Him taking pills.
Richelle Direny: lend him in jail, but then it also takes
Richelle Direny: Him away from your daughter, and then
Richelle Direny: For me,
Brittany Mount: I'm the bad guy.
Brittany Mount: And then I'm the bad guy or
Richelle Direny: Be deemed as the bad guy in in her eyes.
Right.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: So, um,
Richelle Direny: So when you discovered that the pills were taken.
Richelle Direny: Did you like go into panic mode.
Yeah.
Brittany Mount: Yeah so searching for now just
Brittany Mount: And I mean, I knew where I put them on the right in the bottle way neighbors and they just wasn't there, but I searched around and looked around and maybe they dropped one or maybe they don't have to come for the, you have to be in a hurry to do it.
Richelle Direny: Now let me ask you.
Richelle Direny: This
Richelle Direny: Do you think okay so based on your experience right now. Do you think that you are in control.
Richelle Direny: Of your, your, your life in terms of your thoughts, your emotions or your actions and babe or or with this experience. Do you think that the taking of this particular meds still have some degree of control over you.
Yeah.
Brittany Mount: I mean, without it like
Brittany Mount: I don't know what I would, I don't know what I would do.
Richelle Direny: If you were not able to buy it off the streets, what would have been your next move.
Brittany Mount: I would probably resorted going back to something else to say. Top of the sector.
Brittany Mount: Like
Brittany Mount: I need a one night Hall and it sounds that
Richelle Direny: So this is the reason why I'm asking is because this is kind of your moment to really consider
Richelle Direny: What is it that
Brittany Mount: If your
Brittany Mount: Goal.
Richelle Direny: Is to not now, but to one day start tapering off.
The
Brittany Mount: Tester.
To say
Richelle Direny: Are you really willing to taper yourself off of it.
Brittany Mount: Because this
Richelle Direny: Does be on this medication or this taking taking these pills. Is it controlling me. Am I on this road to recovery. True. Am I truly on this road of recovery or am I still dependent upon something to stabilize me in comparison to really truly doing the work to address those.
Richelle Direny: situations and circumstances that caused me to depend on this medication to keep me calm or to deal with my stressors.
Richelle Direny: In a practical way. That's the question that you
Richelle Direny: Experienced experiencing this. It's just food for thought.
Richelle Direny: Because, are you is your goal is
Richelle Direny: What is your
Richelle Direny: Goal authentically speaking organically.
Speaking
Brittany Mount: Me.
Richelle Direny: When I say
Richelle Direny: Organic without anything
Brittany Mount: What are you hoping to accomplish.
Brittany Mount: Through right within the next
Brittany Mount: I'd say year year like around a year. I'd like to
Brittany Mount: Eat pretty much all of it.
Richelle Direny: But with what you just
Richelle Direny: Experienced now.
Richelle Direny: Do you think that you're at a place
Richelle Direny: To based on your experience. That's what I'm saying.
Richelle Direny: Based on your experience. It's kind of like
Richelle Direny: What you
Brittany Mount: Like me, I didn't like the filling them happened to be that. Not me. I'm depending on it and i don't i don't like that. Like, I don't want to always have to be dependent on something. Mm hmm.
Think about
Richelle Direny: I don't have my pills. I can't take my pills.
Richelle Direny: How did you respond to
Richelle Direny: The reality of you, not having this medical you're frozen. So, can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me cuz you're frozen.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, I can hear you. I'm gonna turn off the video.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: So the question was, with
Richelle Direny: Your reality in the last two weeks of not being on the pill or not having it not having free access to it like you did.
Richelle Direny: Your behavior, your response to your reality.
Richelle Direny: Did any of that.
Richelle Direny: Was it a direct reflection of your life when you work on whatever drugs you were on prior and how you
Brittany Mount: Your behavior. I mean pretty much cuz I was out again. Once again, searching kind of mine.
Brittany Mount: Suboxone. I mean, when I, when I look at the heroin, but
Richelle Direny: Something else.
Richelle Direny: Yeah okay so your behavior, your actions, your thoughts in your behavior we're such up. And so in the question that I'm asking now is
Richelle Direny: With
Richelle Direny: If you give him that you have the money you have the resources will add a mystery. Because you had the knowledge that I can go out on the streets and I can purchase this if it wasn't freely accessible to you and you couldn't find anybody, what would your next step.
Richelle Direny: And your responses that my next step we
Brittany Mount: I would have to find something, but
Richelle Direny: He'll places you somewhat in that old life that you're working so hard to come away from right
Brittany Mount: Yeah, dependent
Richelle Direny: On something to help me with.
Richelle Direny: When I feel overwhelmed by
Winning
Richelle Direny: Huh.
Brittany Mount: Would bug.
Brittany Mount: Me was
Brittany Mount: Like, I mean, getting up still every day.
Brittany Mount: Suboxone or what you know being sick or anything like you just
Brittany Mount: So,
Richelle Direny: Now with all the work that you're doing with because we've talked a lot about you know all of what you've done to pretty much be where you are right now, for the most part, working to regain custody of your daughter, not wanting that to take
Brittany Mount: Taken away from you.
Richelle Direny: The relationship being rebuilt with your dad and just kind of everything that's around it that and not wanting to lose that necessarily
Brittany Mount: Everybody
Richelle Direny: Talks about your mom.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: A lot of her denials with her addiction. I think alcohol. Right.
Brittany Mount: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And you being where you are more stable and you're looking at everything.
Brittany Mount: That
Richelle Direny: You're now in a stable mind and you're looking at everything around you, and you're like, man, I don't want to go.
there anymore.
Richelle Direny: If, if you were so if I could play a movie right now and I played that movie on you in the last two weeks, what would that have like what would have been different in that movie.
Richelle Direny: If you're speaking I don't hear anything. You're saying
Brittany Mount: I mean, I said, Be like almost like a total flip opposite because I went from not doing those behaviors to happen with finger and now I'm back to
Brittany Mount: On a tear jerking working out by
Richelle Direny: Saying
Richelle Direny: Looking at the capsule. I'm
Brittany Mount: In front of you.
Richelle Direny: I have a camera in front of you.
Richelle Direny: And I'm interviewing you. I want you for a second. So really think about this.
Richelle Direny: I want you to think about
Richelle Direny: The camera in front of you is reflecting yourself.
Richelle Direny: What is it that you really truly need to work on. Can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: You have to be going somewhere real far
Richelle Direny: It seems like you could hear everything I'm saying, but I'm
Richelle Direny: Your, your
Richelle Direny: Reception is really, really bad.
Brittany Mount: Yeah.
Brittany Mount: I just live in the country and
Brittany Mount: I live out like the country. There's no service hardly
Richelle Direny: Also, so when you're in your house. That's when you have the better service.
Brittany Mount: Not now. I mean, I used to. They used to be the best place and within like the last week.
Brittany Mount: I haven't been able to get weekend. I don't know. Yeah, but a week. I haven't been able to get in touch with bright heart from my house for a week. I've had to go like in town or somewhere else, just to be able to do my groups or anything.
Brittany Mount: Hmm.
Richelle Direny: OK. So the question I was asking, you know, here it is. I'm shining
Richelle Direny: Their camera. I'm going to say I'm going to put a reflection of yourself. You're in the mirror. We're standing in the mirror together.
Richelle Direny: What is it that when you look at your, your reflect your reflection in the mirror is showing the story of your last two weeks.
Richelle Direny: I want you to think about what is it that you truly need to
Richelle Direny: Do to start this journey of
Richelle Direny: Independence.
Richelle Direny: From what you have been depending on
Richelle Direny: For the last few years, your dependency has changed from heroin or whatever else that you've done. It's changed to
Richelle Direny: The Suboxone and when you didn't have it. It kind of somewhat puts you right back to figuratively speaking someone, it puts you kind of back in that old frame of mind.
Brittany Mount: Right on.
Richelle Direny: This journey that you're on and we're not discrediting all of that you've done to be where you are because you've done what you needed to do to be where you are.
Richelle Direny: But on this journey. I want you to look at the mirror have the last two weeks Queda a back to you. What is it that you think really, you need to do to gain your independence of anything to live in our organic life have
Richelle Direny: Just been free event. What do you think that you
Brittany Mount: Have to like start tapering myself.
Brittany Mount: Here but this tapering down
Richelle Direny: Think that it's too soon. I want you to it soon it's too soon to say I need to start tapering down
Richelle Direny: Because you have to slowly.
Brittany Mount: Like with anything.
Richelle Direny: You have to slowly flush things out of your system.
Richelle Direny: You're taking baby steps, but before you can take that baby step, you have to be aware of what it is you have to kind of
Richelle Direny: Pull it to the forefront and say, Is it fear of what my life will be like
Brittany Mount: Without anything
Brittany Mount: Yeah.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, I'd say like one of it's always been something
Brittany Mount: So yeah, I'd say a lot of it would be like
Brittany Mount: Learning. I don't know.
Brittany Mount: Kind of where this
Brittany Mount: Just a warning about what my fears are like learning more about why fear of not having it. Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: But what is so your fear. It's not that you fear not having it you fear something
Richelle Direny: And that's the reason why you're using this to kind of band aid those fears. So the reality is
Richelle Direny: You are a prisoner of fear, anxiety,
Worry what
Richelle Direny: What is that what it, what are those fears name that name your fears and anxiety. What is it about life. What is it about you. What is about your circumstances. What is it that you fear the most.
Brittany Mount: All along like me.
Brittany Mount: I was clean.
Richelle Direny: You're breaking up again.
Brittany Mount: One time I was playing for so long without
Brittany Mount: Without me
Brittany Mount: And it was just like
Brittany Mount: Lovers which one day I was like I had for us.
Brittany Mount: And I was working and I wasn't on my feet. A lot of like problems with my leg my feet. So, and just as time progressed, when I
Brittany Mount: Started my head like well you need something or you're not gonna be able to walk by the end of the night or your you mean so much pain, you know, I mean like
Brittany Mount: Like I was psyched myself in me.
Brittany Mount: And then I ended up using shortly after
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: You said that you were. You said you were psyching yourself out.
Brittany Mount: Well I putting it in my head like
Brittany Mount: I was entertaining the thought too much and putting into my head.
Brittany Mount: About like using it like working with my pain and stuff like
Brittany Mount: That I was telling myself like it help like I'll be able to get work I'll be able to do this and I'll be able to function properly.
Brittany Mount: Without being a pain whole time and
Brittany Mount: I can't get prescription from a doctor for pain meds or nothing like that. And I don't know, I just, it was like I talked myself into it.
Richelle Direny: So you talk you talk yourself into basically using what you're saying.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: When it comes
Brittany Mount: Down to and I mean I was doing good, like everything is fine in my life. I had a car at a
Brittany Mount: Job. But you know, I mean, everything was fine and that I was going to meetings I was leading meeting.
Brittany Mount: I don't know.
Brittany Mount: I don't know if I just felt like at a point where I was at a standstill.
Brittany Mount: And
Brittany Mount: I'm not really sure.
Richelle Direny: Is it that you're not really sure what clean authentic on or just living looks like because it's been so long since
Richelle Direny: You've done it without
Brittany Mount: Any type of stimulants that you just
Richelle Direny: What it really feels like
Brittany Mount: All right. Yeah, like 18 months as long as that one at one time. And since I was
Richelle Direny: 15 so so since you were 15 years old started using it right
Brittany Mount: What is it
Richelle Direny: He said, since you were 15
Brittany Mount: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And I said, from 15 to now the longest variety, you've had an 18 months.
Brittany Mount: One time
Richelle Direny: With that 18 months. Were you on any kind of substitute
Brittany Mount: Know that, no. I mean, I've been like on Suboxone programs and stuff.
Brittany Mount: Like
Brittany Mount: That to be totally absent that clean. There was one time I went, I went to rehab and I got out and I was good for like 18 1718 months and then
Brittany Mount: I don't know, it's just like a flick of a switch one day.
Richelle Direny: You know,
Richelle Direny: So when
Brittany Mount: When we talked about, like, and I think
Brittany Mount: About like some things means more of the alerts.
Well,
Richelle Direny: Some things are somewhat alert.
Brittany Mount: Behaviors in terms
Richelle Direny: Of how we deal with life because the life within itself comes with its own bout of stressors that you know it is what it is. There's not a whole lot we can do about it. We just have to learn how to cope and deal with it.
Brittany Mount: Let's just call it
Richelle Direny: Um, whether it's being a mom, I'm being in a relationship, and parents me whether they're overbearing whether they're men, whatever the situation is oftentimes we take on the hurt and the pain of other people.
Richelle Direny: Um, hold on one second. Okay.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Hello.
Richelle Direny: Hello. Sorry. So, um,
Richelle Direny: As I said, you know, there stressors that comes with just like we get overwhelmed and we become anxious and we become fearful when we see other people going through what they're going through.
Richelle Direny: Their life circumstances we tired somewhat taken on why do we take it on. I don't know. But we take it on. And then we kind of
Brittany Mount: Incorporated into our own
Richelle Direny: Lives and it brings on fear and anxiety brings on all kinds of things. And so we often go through life.
Richelle Direny: Not knowing why did I do this. Why am I acting this way. Why am I dependent on this because we take on just everything in life and we applied to ourselves. So then when I talk about. Is it fear is it anxiety. Like, what is it for you that holds you
Richelle Direny: In that place of dependency. What is it that holds you in that place of dependency.
Richelle Direny: You may wonder, well, am I really independence.
Richelle Direny: What your what your situations that occurred in the last few weeks.
Richelle Direny: It confirms that
Richelle Direny: Concept of dependency.
Richelle Direny: And so you have to come to that place where you say,
Richelle Direny: Yes, I'm taking these pills.
Richelle Direny: To help me to call on to help me to just get through.
Richelle Direny: And help me to stop the cravings helped me to do all of that.
Richelle Direny: What I need to really truly do the work. So that when I forget to take a pill or I'm not able to take a pill. I don't turn into
Richelle Direny: A Johnny Green Monster.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you understand. So now you're not snapping at your boyfriend. You're not snapping at your daughter.
Richelle Direny: And they're wondering like, what, what
Richelle Direny: Happened like I didn't do anything. And the reason why you're getting upset. It's because of
Richelle Direny: This and I'm overwhelmed because I didn't take my medication or I didn't do this and I didn't do that.
Brittany Mount: Right. Yeah, it was a challenge with once my like my boyfriend. He was at work. I was at work and whenever he came home and I was like,
Brittany Mount: I told you what happened, cuz he worked like overnight that night. Well, I didn't even know that night I was at work whenever he my babies dad came
Brittany Mount: And then I went home like I'd have my medicine that day so I just went to bed and think nothing about it or anything. And I get up the next morning, whenever he came in and he seen me like looking around, he's like, why was he here when we weren't home and I told him I was like, like
Brittany Mount: My, my friend, my best friend was watching her. Well, I was at work. And that's also my daughters.
Brittany Mount: And so I was like, you know, she was with me here like login. And he called NASA to become
Brittany Mount: She called and asked me, and I told her. Yeah, well that calls like a big thing between me and him because he was in our house when we're not all men.
Brittany Mount: Yeah he does my her her real dad hasn't really been been around a whole lot, and my boyfriend. For the last four years is three much men or dad and I don't know if he felt like
Brittany Mount: Some type of way about him. I mean, I know he want he
Brittany Mount: He like I mean she goes with him and sees her dad and stuff and has done stuff with him and he's not really acted any kind of way, but it just started a whole
Brittany Mount: feud between me and him about because he was in our house and now he's stealing from me and I'm still letting this stuff happen and that it wasn't like
Brittany Mount: I was like trying to like
Brittany Mount: Letting keep coming. You know what I mean.
Brittany Mount: I'd rather have him be supervised around her. Then why just want to be relaxed and he's been back on stuff so I wasn't about to let her go with him anywhere or anything, and
Brittany Mount: She's one calling me and asking me if he can come over, because he's called her and since that like I'm coming over to something and add on is just, it's been dress will
Richelle Direny: It sounds. It sounds like it's been stressful and I think you're it sounds. It sounds based on what I'm hearing you say. It sounds like you were trying to make
Richelle Direny: Her happy him. It's like you're trying to make everybody happy and in her in. You trying to make everybody feel happy and comfortable.
Richelle Direny: you're sacrificing your own values and morals and what you've established between you and the you're the person that you you've been with for the last four years.
Richelle Direny: Right, because that's the first question I asked you why was he
Richelle Direny: Was in your house and you weren't even there.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, yeah. Well, he had called wow he called my daughter and my daughter called me and was like, Can Dad please come over and see me.
Brittany Mount: He's yeah I guess he Tori was somewhere close to the house or something. And she's like,
Brittany Mount: She's basically I mean she was begging me for him to come over and I was like, just wait till I get home, something like that. And she's like, No, you won't.
Brittany Mount: You know he'll be gone by then you won't come and I haven't got to seeing. Please, can I just can you come over, like Cynthia's here, so are my friend was there.
Brittany Mount: My best friend was there and she likes to watch like she'll watch this and make sure that you don't do nothing that was I felt bad and I was like okay yeah I mean as long as
Richelle Direny: It for a second. Let's put the shoe on the other foot.
Brittany Mount: Is not happening again.
Richelle Direny: But I'm just saying. You see, like,
Richelle Direny: From your from his standpoint, putting the shoe on the other foot. If it was his axe his child's mother that did exactly what your daughter's mother father did, how would you have felt
Brittany Mount: Probably same exactly
Richelle Direny: Would you even have been okay with her coming in the house when you're not there.
Brittany Mount: Calling on
Brittany Mount: How we not
Richelle Direny: Know, I want you to
Richelle Direny: Listen, answer the question authentically with pure 100% your heart all in, you said, probably not. Come on, let's get real.
Brittany Mount: Oh yeah now.
Richelle Direny: Come on this is a
Richelle Direny: Real with me. Let's be real.
Richelle Direny: Your new
Richelle Direny: You see it's it's it's
Richelle Direny: But I get where you're coming from. You wanted your daughter to be happy, your heart.
Richelle Direny: Your daughter wanted to see her that, but then remember
Brittany Mount: You have to just think, and so in
Richelle Direny: This moment of you thinking that this will make her happy. What ended up happening to you.
Brittany Mount: A whole catastrophe.
Richelle Direny: Catastrophe
Richelle Direny: So you have to think
Richelle Direny: Logically, okay, honey. I know you want to see your daddy. But if your daddy. We will, we can make it happen. But just you gotta have to wait till we get
Brittany Mount: Right.
Richelle Direny: Because it's a to z could have happened. A to Z happened just because you wanted one person to feel happy.
Brittany Mount: But
Richelle Direny: So, but the whole bottom line is, I think,
Richelle Direny: Would you agree.
Richelle Direny: When I say it's it's more of you.
Richelle Direny: Just having faith in yourself and your abilities.
Brittany Mount: What do you hold on, wait what you mean.
Brittany Mount: I'm asking
Richelle Direny: Is it that you don't have a whole lot of faith in your own self in your abilities and everything that you have done, um,
Brittany Mount: And how far you probably. Yeah. Like, I mean, I just
Brittany Mount: There's a lot of faces. I never really done
Brittany Mount: 17 years. I'm so not exactly, you know, my own way so many different times. It's, yeah, I think.
Brittany Mount: I'd say a lot of it has to do with not having a lot of faith also
Richelle Direny: I think, and I think maybe that's what we should work on its learning for you to build, you know, faith in just in yourself, believing in yourself and knowing that you have, you are capable of doing it and just having those daily reminders that
Richelle Direny: Done it with or without edition of the Suboxone what you are capable of it and just trusting and believing in yourself.
Richelle Direny: Wow, okay. You know, I have this thing and I just read it and I wanted to read it to you. And I want you to tell me like what your thoughts surrounding it. Like, how can you apply it to your
Richelle Direny: Daily life and I want you to, and I'm going to find a way to try to send it to you. And I want you to kind of read it daily.
Richelle Direny: Process it meditate on it and kind of apply it and like just kind of explore it again in
Brittany Mount: The next time.
Richelle Direny: It says never
Richelle Direny: Read
Richelle Direny: It says, Never forget
Richelle Direny: How far you have come
Richelle Direny: Everything you have gotten through all the times you have pushed on even when you felt you couldn't all the mornings you got out of bed.
Richelle Direny: No matter how hard
Richelle Direny: It was all the times you've wanted to give up but you got through another day. Never forget how much strength you have learned
And
Brittany Mount: I like that.
Richelle Direny: Tell me, what about it actually.
Brittany Mount: It's just like, I mean top honor. So something positive.
Brittany Mount: Every day but me.
Brittany Mount: Okay, you're replying yourself.
Brittany Mount: Like the reminder like
Brittany Mount: Like read every day. Like, just keep remind yourself positive things every day.
Richelle Direny: But it's what I want you to personalize it. I'm going to find a way to send it to you, but I'm going to want to
Richelle Direny: I want you to personalize it. I want you to utilize it in the sense of, it's a reminder of
Brittany Mount: All
Richelle Direny: That you
Brittany Mount: Come through.
Richelle Direny: His strength inner strength that you have your inner resilience, what you're capable of. But you have not come to reality of all that you are capable off. You haven't come to full acceptance of the strength, you have
Brittany Mount: Right.
Richelle Direny: I think that's, I think, Where are you coming from, like, Are you going on a road trip.
Brittany Mount: No, I'm on my way home.
Brittany Mount: But a 45 minute drive
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Brittany Mount: Is it snowing.
Richelle Direny: OKAY. OKAY, GO ON, MY GOD. She's on a mighty long right
Richelle Direny: So,
Brittany Mount: Yes, and all. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So I want. I'm going to send
It to you.
Richelle Direny: And like I said, I want you to personalize it never forget you're going to say I'm never gonna forget how far I have come everything I have gotten through all the times I have pushed through even when I felt I couldn't all the mornings I got out of bed, no matter how hard it
Brittany Mount: Was
Richelle Direny: Think about your daughter. Think about when you didn't have her all you had to go through to get her back. I'm all the times that I wanted to give up, but I got through another day.
Richelle Direny: Never I'm never going to forget how much strength I have learned and developed along the way. You see how different it sounds when you're personalizing it.
Brittany Mount: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So I'm gonna find a way to send it to you. Did you get my text message that I sent you.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, about the I was in group whenever I got it last night and I forgot to reply to it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, no, I just want to know that you got it, because I think maybe I could send it through. I could send a text of it.
Richelle Direny: So I'm gonna, I'm going to send it to you. Hold on.
Richelle Direny: But I'm
Richelle Direny: In speaking to, what time do you go to group.
Brittany Mount: I usually it's on Tuesday at 130 but I was working yesterday, so I did the 915 group last night.
Richelle Direny: The 915 group.
You know, yeah.
Richelle Direny: You know, there's an eight o'clock group right
Yeah.
Brittany Mount: I saw
Brittany Mount: I talked to, I forget what the guy's name was yesterday. And he just your day. Anytime I go to as an entity.
Brittany Mount: Because I called in at eight to new my drug screen and they thought I was going to eight o'clock through and I told him that he had told me 915 and because I called like right at eight to do my drug screen. And she said, yeah, she told me it was an eight o'clock, then
Brittany Mount: He'd already like put so talk to Dr. Davidson or something. I'm not sure, but they'd send me for the 915 one
Let me tell you, when
Richelle Direny: Before I give you this appointment. I just want to confirm
Brittany Mount: I can give you my number again.
Brittany Mount: I don't know how that
Richelle Direny: Okay, let's do
Richelle Direny: 25th and six.
Richelle Direny: Actually, can you meet her five or six
Brittany Mount: Six. All you better just to make sure
Brittany Mount: Somewhere where I got certain, you know, I mean,
Brittany Mount: I can't, I can't do this my house and I don't know what the deal is somebody, and I can't get no service in my house.
Brittany Mount: That just make give me a little time make sure I'm somewhere that I have services.
Richelle Direny: What time do you go to work.
Brittany Mount: I get off it like 430
Brittany Mount: I go in at eight.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Alright, so I have you for the 25th at six.
Richelle Direny: And I'm going to send you this
Brittany Mount: Little
Richelle Direny: I'm not just screech
Brittany Mount: Get a screenshot.
Richelle Direny: And send it to you. I would love you to just, I'm just, I'm going to recommend that. Just as a reminder, at some point during the day, you know, especially if you're feeling at times where you're feeling really low.
Brittany Mount: I'm
Richelle Direny: Just read it personalize it apply it and just, it's just a daily reminder
Richelle Direny: Of your inner strength in your abilities and allows you to just have more faith.
Brittany Mount: In yourself and your
Brittany Mount: Abilities in every
Richelle Direny: How far you've come that yes, you're distant goal is your this'll plan is that eventually you want to taper off, you no longer want to depend on the Suboxone it it's not going to be right now.
Brittany Mount: Right.
Richelle Direny: And she didn't want to get there. But, you first have to come into full awareness of what is your stumbling block, what is keeping you from
Richelle Direny: What is keeping you from dependence or to be independent of any type of substances what's what's keeping you from that. What is your greatest fear. What is your greatest anxiety. What is it that you are afraid of facing if you come off of it or
Richelle Direny: Do you face your fear yourself.
Richelle Direny: Um, what is it,
Richelle Direny: And that is something that will work through each time that we meet, but we're going to start off with.
Richelle Direny: Just kind of using this as
Richelle Direny: What you just to help you kind of encourage you, each day and I think after each time we meet
Brittany Mount: Then we'll go to the next thing.
Richelle Direny: That I'm
Richelle Direny: A next motivational statement or
Brittany Mount: Something some some blue
Brittany Mount: So what you can use
Richelle Direny: To help to motivate you each day. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, all right, my dear. Thank you so much for
Brittany Mount: Me, sorry about that bad connection.
Richelle Direny: That's okay. That's okay. Hopefully it'll be a little bit better next week when we need okay or not next week, whatever 25th.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, I'll try me over at my mom's where I got to have good service there.
Richelle Direny: Okay, no problem.
Brittany Mount: No problem.
Richelle Direny: Alright. Have a good one.
Brittany Mount: All right. Thank you.
You're welcome.